
3. A journalist reports that they are leaving Las Vegas tomorrow night.

Las Vegas is being left tomorrow night.

4. The lecturer thought that Columbus never realized that he had discovered America.

The lecturer thought that Columbus never realized that America had been discovered by him.

5. Their parents thought that the teenagers were dancing at the disco.

It was thought by their parents that the teenagers were dancing at the disco.
The teenagers were thought to be dancing at the disco by their parents.

6. Everybody thinks that she sings beautifully

Beautiful singing is thought of by everybody when it comes to her.
She is thought to sing beautifully by everybody.

7. The children reported that their friends were swimming when they disappeared.

It was reported by the children that their friends were swimming when they disappeared.

8. People believed that they had killed the animals during the night.

It was believed by people that the animals had been killed during the night.

9. My friends think that my parents are the best parents in the world.

It is believed by my friends that my parents are the best parents in the world.
My parents are thought to be the best parents in the world by my friends.

10. They believed that the horse was a present.

It was believed by them that the horse was a present.
The horse was believed to be a present by them.

11. People are thinking that drugs are very dangerous.

It is believed by people that drugs are very dangerous.
Drugs are thought to be very dangerous by people.

12. They knew that Mr. Brown was stealing iron from the factory.

They knew that iron from the factory was being stolen by Mr. Brown
Mr. Brown was known to be stealing iron from the factory by them.

13. Ancient people thought that the stars would fall on them.

It was thought by ancient people that the stars would fall on them.
The stars were thought to fall on ancient people by them.

14. People consider that the team will be classified for the final.

It is considered by people that the team will be classified for the final.
The team is considered to be classified for the final by people.

15. Everybody says that he settled the business.

It is said by everybody that he settled the business.
The business is said to have been settled by everybody.